README.md, before:

<!---
    This file is part of pymice-analyzer.
    Copyright (C) 2018-2019  Emir Turkes

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

    Emir Turkes can be contacted at eturkes@bu.edu
-->

# PyMICE Analyzer

PyMICE Analyzer is a GUI and CLI project creator and pipeline manipulator. It is
distinct from full-featured platforms in that it leverages the power and familiarity of
standard data science tools like Jupyter and Docker. Projects are structured to suit the
particular workflow of Intellicage with PyMICE and are bundled with a variety of
utilities to encourage proper archivial for reproducibility. Available pipeline options
are pulled directly from PyMICE Modules and included in the project structure, allowing
for easy updating and shipping of specific versions with the code.

A part of the PyMICE Tools meta project (https://github.com/eturkes/pymice-tools)

## Screenshots

![pymice-analyzer-1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25193231/47751184-7d7ebc00-dc67-11e8-87a8-10644b765930.png)

![pymice-analyzer-2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25193231/47751225-94251300-dc67-11e8-87b9-f22d4c07f776.png)

Commit message:

Add info about project state

README.md, after:

<!---
    This file is part of pymice-analyzer.
    Copyright (C) 2018-2019  Emir Turkes

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

    Emir Turkes can be contacted at eturkes@bu.edu
-->

# PyMICE Analyzer
#### *This project is deployable but not feature complete*

PyMICE Analyzer is a GUI and CLI project creator and pipeline manipulator. It is
distinct from full-featured platforms in that it leverages the power and familiarity of
standard data science tools like Jupyter and Docker. Projects are structured to suit the
particular workflow of Intellicage with PyMICE and are bundled with a variety of
utilities to encourage proper archivial for reproducibility. Available pipeline options
are pulled directly from PyMICE Modules and included in the project structure, allowing
for easy updating and shipping of specific versions with the code.

A part of the PyMICE Tools meta project (https://github.com/eturkes/pymice-tools)

## Screenshots

![pymice-analyzer-1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25193231/47751184-7d7ebc00-dc67-11e8-87a8-10644b765930.png)

![pymice-analyzer-2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25193231/47751225-94251300-dc67-11e8-87b9-f22d4c07f776.png)
